.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: yokoffing

---

## BEFORE YOU BEGIN
I have attempted the following troubleshooting suggestions:
- [ ] The issue persists when using Firefox in [Troubleshoot Mode](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/diagnose-firefox-issues-using-troubleshoot-mode).
- [ ] Disabled DNS-level content blocking (AdGuard Home, NextDNS, Control D, RethinkDNS, PiHole, etc), [cleared my DNS cache](https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-flush-your-dns-cache), and used my ISP's DNS resolver (if applicable).
- [ ] [Cleared website data](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox), restarted Firefox, and my issue persists.
- [ ] I have created a [new profile](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/profile-manager-create-remove-switch-firefox-profiles). The issue persists when using the current [user.js](https://github.com/yokoffing/Betterfox/blob/master/user.js) file on GitHub. (Must be in a new profile and a new user.js!)

## REPORT
**Describe the bug**
*A clear and concise description of what the bug is.*

**To Reproduce**
*Steps to reproduce the behavior:*

```
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
```

**Expected behavior**
*A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.*

**Screenshots**
*If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.*

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
*Add any other context about the problem here.*

Commit message:

Squashed 'Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/rf4bf0gc.michael/' changes from 099fe16..52e6deb
52e6deb Delete .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
6887c6d Update bug_report.md

git-subtree-dir: Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/rf4bf0gc.michael
git-subtree-split: 52e6deb8635d825d17560ff29a897743eb4e91ab

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Something is not working!
about: Use this form if you have an issue.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: yokoffing

---

## BEFORE YOU BEGIN
I have attempted the following troubleshooting suggestions:
- [ ] The issue persists when using Firefox in [Troubleshoot Mode](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/diagnose-firefox-issues-using-troubleshoot-mode).
- [ ] Disabled DNS-level content blocking (AdGuard Home, NextDNS, Control D, RethinkDNS, PiHole, etc), [cleared my DNS cache](https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-flush-your-dns-cache), and used my ISP's DNS resolver (if applicable).
- [ ] [Cleared website data](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox), restarted Firefox, and my issue persists.
- [ ] I have created a [new profile](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/profile-manager-create-remove-switch-firefox-profiles). The issue persists when using the current [user.js](https://github.com/yokoffing/Betterfox/blob/master/user.js) file on GitHub. (Must be in a new profile and a new user.js!)

## REPORT
**Describe the bug**
*A clear and concise description of what the bug is.*

**To Reproduce**
*Steps to reproduce the behavior:*

```
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
```

**Expected behavior**
*A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.*

**Screenshots**
*If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.*

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS:
 - Browser:
 - Version:

**Additional context**
*Add any other context about the problem here.*
